Deputy Director of Security, evacuate.
Leadership
Please pay attention to the attitude.
Anyway, Leung Shao is also our main investor.
Yes, it's no shortage. Is it reasonable for me to come and check the work?
Okay, are you stiff, Master Wai?
Let's get to the point.
I like temperamental people like Chen Dao.
The purpose of the young master coming here today is very simple.
The female boss position is temporarily vacant.
Of course, it was headed by the person I introduced.
Section
Express yourself well, young master, today to help you be a woman boss.
Husband, you put a hundred hearts.
I promise I won't do anything.
The person who chooses my master has just decided.
Just him.
General Director Chen, don't joke internationally.
Don't move.
If you want to die.
I don't mind.
No, no, no, no.
I didn't come looking for you today.
Director Tran
The investment contract is very clear.
As an investor, I have the right to introduce actors.
You don't want to temporarily cancel the contract, do you?
He's not lying.
At the end of the river, there's this.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Poor salary
Then I'll give your men one more chance.
Let Duong Dong and Van Cam take turns trying.
Ensure fairness and openness
Tran Duc indeed atmosphere
I am waiting for this word of yours.